ER Diagrams and Relational Schema

Q1.Relational databases are based on which mathematical theory or field?
A1.Set Theory

Q2.YearsInBusiness in the ER diagram above is a:
A2.Derived Attribute

Q3.Which of the following is true about cardinality constraints on the relationship between Doctor and Outpatient Location depicted in this ER diagram?
A3. A doctor is required to work at one outpatient location, but can work at no more than 1 outpatient location

Q4.Which columns would be necessary for identifying unique doctors in the doctor table of the database built from the relational schema excerpt above?
A4. You would have to use both License No and State

Q5.In the ER diagram above, Doctor_ID and OL_ID are called:
A5.Unique Attributes or Keys

Q6.Which type of information is most likely to be stored in a relational database as opposed to another type of database?
A6.metadata

Q7.What can you infer about the data being collected based on the relational schema above?
A7.A doctor can work at many outpatient locations, an outpatient location can have many doctors working at it

Q8.Based on the diagram above, which attribute(s) can be used to identify unique books?
A8.Bookname and WriterID

Q9.Which of the following statements are true about foreign keys? Check all that apply. (Note that you will need to select more than one correct response to answer this question correctly.)
A9. Refer to columns with unique values for every row in other relations/tables
Allow information in different tables to be linked to each other

Q10.Given the relational schema presented above, how many tables would you need to use in order to determine the outpatient location(s) a doctor named "Karen Smith" works at?
A10.3

Q11.Which of the following is true about cardinality constraints on the relationship between Doctor and Outpatient Location depicted in this ER diagram?
A11.Outpatient Location must have atleast one doctor working, but can have many doctors

Q12. Which of the following statements are true about the technical terms (as opposed to the common terms) for the concepts represented by relational schemas?
A12.Columns - Attributes, Rows - Tuples

Q13.Based on the diagram above, which of the following is true?
A13.Show Date and Show Venue needed together

Q14.If this relational schema represented a database that was already implemented, what columns would you use to combine the information in the transactions table with the information in the departinfo table?
A14. sku to connect transactions table to skuinfo table, deptname to connect skuinfo table to deptinfo table

Q15.For relational databases to work most efficiently, which of the following requirements of set theory should be followed? Check all that apply. (Note that you will need to select more than one correct response to answer this question correctly.)
A15. Each column - unique category of information
Each row - unique instance of information
Single Table - smallest logical parts of information