Going Deeper into Business Metrics

Q1.The “Sharpe Ratio” is:
A1.A revenue metric divided by a risk metric

Q2.Actual CPC, divided by the conversion rate, is the revenue metric:
A2.Acquisition Cost

Q3.Which of the following as NOT a demographic for which one can purchase targeted advertising?
A3.Future Customer

Q4.The metric referred to as an “organic link” tells us that a visitor to our site came from:
A4.An unpaid listing of our website that was returned in a search result

Q5.Some step in “search engine optimization” or SEO, are: (check all that apply)
A5.Get third-party websites with authoritative reputations and substantive
Make sure our content is current, substantive and directly relevant
Increase links to our website from all possible third-party websites
Increase our “social signal” by increasing our Facebook page “likes” and retweets

Q6.The Internal Rate of Return must be used to calculate returns, when:
A6.Cash is invested at several different times

Q7.In finance, it is useful to know both the return, and the volatility of return, of an investment, because:
A7.Returns can always be increased through leverage (borrowing money to make a portion of the investment) but this increases volatility, so returns cannot be evaluated in isolation, absent knowledge of their accompanying volatility.

Q8.Why is relying upon the Life Time Value (LTV) of a customer when determining web ad spending potentially risky?
A8.Life Time Value does not take into account the high negative cash flow associated with initial customer acquisition; cash that it may take years to recoup.

Q9.In theory, an investor could generate any target return, simply by borrowing money to make a portion of the investment, and investing in an instrument that returns more than the risk-free rate. However, doing this would also:
A9Increase volatility of returns over the original instrument at the same rate that it increases excess returns.

Q10.The “Expense Ratio” is a profitability/efficiency metric - the money spent on operating a passive fund, divided by the total market value of the fund assets.
What expense associated with the fund is NOT included in the money spent operating the fund in calculating the expense ratio?
A10.Brokerage fees the fund pays to buy and sell assets

Q11.If active fund managers picked their portfolios from an Index “universe” at random, weighted them by relative market capitalization, and held them for a given time interval, what percentage of managers would be expected to out-perform the Index return, before taking their fees into account?
A11.50%

Q12. Why is it considered undesirable for a fund manager to have a large tracking error?
A12.Tracking error is a kind of risk metric – it implies wide variation from the appropriate benchmark

Q13.What is the most established metric for evaluating Venture Capital and Private Equity Funds?
A13.Internal Rate of Return (IRR)

Q14.Why would investors in hedge funds typically want performance that has low correlation to the major equity markets?
A14.Hedge fund investors typically also invest large amounts of capital in major equity markets, and target the highest possible risk-adjusted return on their combined portfolio.

Q15.On what measures are Mutual Fund Managers primarily judged relative to their benchmark?
A15.Excess return and tracking error