Module 4 Coding Questions

1. Question 1
All of the questions in this quiz refer to the open source Chinook Database. Please familiarize yourself with the ER diagram in order to familiarize yourself with the table and column names in order to write accurate queries and get the appropriate answers.
Pull a list of customer ids with the customer’s full name, and address, along with combining their city and country together. Be sure to make a space in between these two and make it UPPER CASE.
What is the city and country result for CustomerID 16?
1.MOUNTAIN VIEW USA
2. Question 2
All of the questions in this quiz refer to the open source Chinook Database. Please familiarize yourself with the ER diagram in order to familiarize yourself with the table and column names in order to write accurate queries and get the appropriate answers.
Create a new employee user id by combining the first 4 letter of the employee’s first name with the first 2 letters of the employee’s last name. Make the new field lower case and pull each individual step to show your work.
What is the final result for Robert King?
2.RobeKi
3. Question 3
All of the questions in this quiz refer to the open source Chinook Database. Please familiarize yourself with the ER diagram in order to familiarize yourself with the table and column names in order to write accurate queries and get the appropriate answers.
Show a list of employees who have worked for the company for 15 or more years using the current date function. Sort by lastname ascending.
What is the lastname of the last person on the list returned?
3.
4. Question 4
All of the questions in this quiz refer to the open source Chinook Database. Please familiarize yourself with the ER diagram in order to familiarize yourself with the table and column names in order to write accurate queries and get the appropriate answers.
Profiling the Customers table, answer the following question.
Are there any columns with null values? Indicate any below. Select all that apply.
4. Company
Postal Code
Fax
Address
Phone
5. Question 5
All of the questions in this quiz refer to the open source Chinook Database. Please familiarize yourself with the ER diagram in order to familiarize yourself with the table and column names in order to write accurate queries and get the appropriate answers.
Find the cities with the most customers and rank in descending order.
Which of the following cities indicate having 2 customers?
5. São Paulo
Mountain View
London
6. Question 6
All of the questions in this quiz refer to the open source Chinook Database. Please familiarize yourself with the ER diagram in order to familiarize yourself with the table and column names in order to write accurate queries and get the appropriate answers.
Create a new customer invoice id by combining a customer’s invoice id with their first and last name while ordering your query in the following order: firstname, lastname, and invoiceID.
Select all of the correct "AstridGruber" entries that are returned in your results below. Select all that apply.
6.AstridGruber273
AstridGruber296
AstridGruber370



